A sticky matter
You just stepped into an old bubble gum. It takes forever to get it off.
Roll only one dice in the next round.

Back to the future - schwer? nochmal zweite Phase
Deep in the woods you bumped into a weird looking alpaca. it claims to be a Time-Travel-Alpaca. To prove it to you it sends you back in time.
Move back to your previous position and roll the dice again.

But mom...! - schwer? Nächster Zug übersprungen
After another late night out your mother finally has enough and grounds you for the rest of the month.
Lose one turn.

Deadly duell
You're accused of stealing another farmers alpaca. He challenges you to a duell to settle your differences. 
Move forward to the next game field and play against the player to your right. Winner rolls 3 dice, loser 1 die next round.

Disharmony
The sun is shining, the birds are chirping and you're humming the first song that came to your mind.
Sing it out loud to your fellow players, otherwise lose one coin.

Exotic beauty
Your alpaca has won a beauty contest and you are collecting the price money. You swear to build it a statue after it's death in honor of this day.
You earn two coins.

Flower Power
You see a beautiful little flower and smell on it. It smells like alpaca poop.
Shit happens.

House swap - schwer? Spieler tauschen Plätze
You and a fellow farmer decided to switch houses for a few days just for fun. But his farm is so nice, that you simply stay there forever.
Switch places with a player of your choice.

New Merchandise
It's a new season and the store offers a whole new collection. You can't wait to check it out.
Mix all the accessories and lay out three new cards.

No place like home
It's finally weekend. You can't wait to come home, lay down on your favorite sofa and just watch Netflix for the next 2 days.
Go straight home and collect your 5 coins.

Pinata Party
It's your best friends birthday. Together you managed to destroy the Pinata.
Every player collects one coin.

Put'em on a diet
The feeding costs have increased. Your alpacas simply eat too much.
Pay one coin.

Tea Party - schwer? Nochmal zweite Phase
Gisela and Sir Al Paka invited you over for coffee and cake. You better hurry, they don't like being late.
Move forward three fields.

Thanks Grandma
It's your birthday and your grandmas gift to you is a handmade knitted sweater made out of wool from your alpacas. It's super itchy, but of course you can't tell your grandma.
Thanks grandma.

There and back again - schwer? Nochmal zweite Phase
You forgot your purse back home. Turn around to get it.
Move back two fields.


Travelling Merchant - schwer? Shopphase rein?
You stumbled upon a travelling merchant along the road. He has many strange looking things for sale.
You're allowed to purchase any accessory from the shop or the deck. Mix all the accessories afterwards and lay out three new cards.

What is love?
It's christmas, the time of love and peace. You want to do something for your good conscience this year, so you give money in your pocket to the next beggar you meet on the streets,
Choose one player and give him/her one coin from your savings.